After completing a preparatory class, I enrolled at Télécom Paris where I deepened my technical knowledge while also having the opportunity to study abroad at KTH in Stockholm. I was guided by the intuition that tomorrow's global revolution would be driven by technology, and I therefore wanted to acquire in-depth knowledge in this field. 

My early professional career has given me the opportunity to work with high-level figures : Dominique Lagarde, former Director of Human Resources at EDF, Emmanuelle Wargon, former Minister of Housing, or Elie Azoulay, President of the European Society of Intensive Care. It has also allowed me to work in dynamic and rapidly changing contexts: the energy crisis and the post-COVID pandemic.

These opportunities have allowed me to sharpen my python skills while working with the modern data stack (check my GitHub : https://github.com/ohassanaly). I bridge the gap between those technologies and domain experts to create business value. In doing so, I realized that I have strong presentation and communication skills, and am very good at giving presentations to technical and executive audiences. For instance, I currently teach lectures on data warehouses and artificial intelligence at Paris Cité University to Master's students in health sciences. 

Discovery and curiosity are second nature to me. I am constantly developing my ability to adapt, both in my leisure activities (chess, salsa dancing, capoeira, music, language learning) and in my professional life. At the end of 2025, I had the unique opportunity to impact the digital strategy of the Haematology Department at São Paulo Central Hospital, working alongside its IT team to provide them with a unified access to patient data.

In my spare time, I make sure to stay up to date with the latest advances in my field by following the SuperDataScience podcast, as well as major tech players such as Sam Altman and Andrej Karpathy. I also like to sharpen my business acumen by following Matthieu Stefani's Génération do It Yourself podcast. I am currently deeply fascinated by the subject of agent-based AI and by all the use cases that harness its potential to create business value.

Dynamic, curious, and aware of the importance of teamwork in order to achieve more, I combine technical expertise with presentation and communication skills. I firmly believe that human interactions help us grow and I am enthusiastic about helping organizations to get the most out of their data assets.
